Oh mom give you the forget how's that arm was in the night
Do not tell me you did not talk last night. Student Suwon.
Because of this predicament, I'd be in my heart Chi wrote overexposed to sleep
Yes.
I will not be in that office.
Ah ah ah ah hope the new house did eat rice
It will be six days . You , I will not do my youth tomorrow.
Finally, we have to get 20,000 won.
I'm not a citizen. Oh, stop it .
All right.
5 Uh Oh Miss
Do not be so cold .
I've been in a lot of trouble this time .
My body will live with the senses 5 Universe.
Why did not my grandmother and me leave.
Do not give it to you again.
The nine lives Well
American King
What
Now we can do this .
I already know all five of you are studying hard.
It's okay to even classify just 7 years old. I know his two lines
So go catch a squatter micro Moulin Saturday sledding
Boxer
Appointment
I'll finish this.
Hub's two countries
The nyeodeul suit couples too cool
At first I expected that I'm uncomfortable geuraetjiman For me eat much material
I'm going to meet you at 4 .
Ah
It looks like.
do not have
Hey , what are you doing?
I do not think Sujin is okay. It's delicious today.
5 How do you invite Mr. Sujin to our house?
right
4 5
I know him 4
interest
I do not care if I'm good enough.
But you have to ask him.
Let's join us now.
Do you have
It is perfect when
Introduction My school friend Joe Mi-soo is Kim Su-ji
Hi. I 'm a photographer. Hi.
I heard you talking to me.
I came to the library today . Well, what if I was alone?
There is so much to introduce for just one hour.
Studying for entrance exam No, studying
No , it's an autobiography preparation.
Yeah'm not wipe is applied Known issues: Resolved Look
It's important by topic.
Typhoon 1
You called Missy. 4
I'll try to eat what South America is eating.
uh
I'm a champon here.